Feature/split compliance chart (#72)
creek-service/json-schema-validation-comparison: docs/_docs/2. functional.md

### Summary of results

> The charts below show the compliance with **required** and **optional** JSON Schema specification features of each validator implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The charts below illustrate the percentage of required and optional test classes that pass for each draft of the JSON Schema, and aggregate/overall graphs that show the pass rate across all the drafts an implementation supports.  Results are broken down into separate _required_ and _optional_ graphs. 
```

Maybe?

Author: Assuming you meant "required and optional test **cases**"

        }
    });

    const chartContainer = document.getElementById('complianceCharts');

    const createChart = (column, title, field, suggestedMin) => {
        const canvas = document.createElement('canvas');

>         chartContainer.append(canvas);

Reviewer: minor: Can you append a blank line in between each chart please?  In the performance.md I add a `&nbsp;` between each graph to make them more pleasing to the eye.

Perhaps, even better, would be to add a heading for `#### Overall`, `#### Draft_7`, etc. With each heading having the two graphs underneath it?

Author: Done, but unfortunately I had to write more explicit code for this
